The current implementation of Phase 4 (Data Extraction) uses page.$$eval to scrape the DOM. This strictly violates the Google Gemini Hackathon rules for the "UI Navigator" category, which mandates: "Must use Gemini multimodal to interpret screenshots... with or without relying on APIs or DOM access."

We must replace the traditional DOM scraping with a Pure Vision AI approach.

Please update server/agent.ts to implement the following "Brain Transplant":

1. INTEGRATE GEMINI SDK:

Ensure @google/genai is installed.

Initialize the Gemini client using process.env.GEMINI_API_KEY.

2. VISION-BASED EXTRACTION (The Core Update):

In the "Extracting Documents" phase, delete the page.$$eval DOM scraping logic completely.

Instead, take a high-quality screenshot of the CourtListener results page:
const screenshotBuffer = await page.screenshot({ type: 'jpeg', quality: 100 });

Convert this buffer to base64.

Send the base64 image to the gemini-1.5-pro (or gemini-2.5-pro if available in the SDK) multimodal model with the following system prompt:
"You are a highly precise Legal UI Navigator AI. Look at this screenshot of a legal database search result. Extract the top 3 to 5 legal cases you see on the screen. Return ONLY a strict JSON array of objects with the following keys: 'title' (Case Title), 'court' (Court Name), 'date' (Filing Date), and 'citation' (A brief summary snippet). Do not return markdown, only the raw JSON array."

3. PARSE AND EXPORT:

Parse the JSON response from Gemini.

Send this Gemini-generated JSON payload back to the frontend using the existing { type: 'RESULTS', payload: extractedDataArray } WebSocket event.

Ensure the frontend PDF/Word export buttons continue to work seamlessly with this new AI-generated data.

4. VISUAL PROOF OF AI THOUGHT:

While Gemini is processing the image, update the Frontend Agent Progress checklist to say: "Gemini Multimodal: Visually Analyzing Documents..." so the judges know exactly what technology is running.

Execute this update flawlessly. No mockups. Real multimodal vision processing.